In the last lecture, you learned how to use @output to enable other components to listen to your
own custom events which you could create with eventEmitter.
Now just like on @input, on @output you also can assign an alias but here for blueprintCreated,
maybe you want to name this bpCreated. Now with this,
this is the event you can listen to from outside.
So in the app component where we try to listen, we now need to rename it here to and listen to be bpCreated,
which is now just like on @imput,
the one and only event you can listen to when it comes to this blueprintCreated event.
The other name, blueprintCreated here will not be exposed to the outside anymore, so it has to be
bpCreated now.
All the rest stays in touch and works just like before.